Enable logging in unit-tests: Clarify and simplify the example and code (#1103)
plone/documentation: develop/testing/unit_testing.rst

Setting log level in unit tests
-------------------------------

Unit tests disable logging to stdout.
Some important messages may go unnoticed during the unit test development.

> You may also want to set the loglevel from ``INFO`` to ``DEBUG``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reveal these messages, change the log level from ``INFO`` to ``DEBUG``.
```

> To enable logging to stdout do add the following to your test setup code::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable logging to stdout, add the following to your test setup code.

.. code-block:: python
```
